Fixed name (#3)
mlresearch/v198: _posts/2022-12-21-rieck22a.md

page: i-xxiii
order: 0
cycles: false

> bibtex_author: Rieck, Bastian and Pascanu, Razvan and Du, Yuanqi and Stärk, Hannes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bibtex_author: Rieck, Bastian and Pascanu, Razvan and Du, Yuanqi and St\"{a}rk, Hannes
```

Reviewer: Your instinct was right, here we use the latex style (for creating the bibtex, put the additional fix in).
